master,
It’s time to eat the new year,
you look,
The whole family has not changed,
At that time you,
How to become you,
When you look like this,
I have been escaping for so many years,
If you can get it without having to pay for it, the whole family will be a big family,
The chosen path is dead,
Now we all understand,
Let's go, grandpa,
It's your choice, why don't you leave?
I'm getting married, what?
Just ten days,
Nine days later, I promised Qian Xu,
Grandpa, your grandson doesn’t smile,
I can't let you mess with your grandchildren, so I chose,
No grandpa,
The master thinks so, or
It was she who forced your grandpa
I am willing
It's not that I owe her
Grandpa respects your ideas
Indebtedness can lead to important events
Now I still have to pay
Dare to prepare well, grandpa
What did you bring me here for?
Also forgetting that my mother-in-law is wrong is your best interview
Let her do the ups and downs for you
Drinking will definitely be fine